feat: precondition guides (#91)
sapphiredev/website: docs/Guide/preconditions/handling-permissions.mdx

not.

<!-- TODO: info block redirecting to subcommands ts guide for using corresponding decorators -->

<Tabs>
<TabItem value="javascript" label="Javascript">

```javascript {8}
const { Command } = require('@sapphire/framework');

module.exports = class BanCommand extends Command {
  constructor(context) {
    super(context, {
      // ...
      requiredUserPermissions: ['BAN_MEMBERS'],
      requiredClientPermissions: ['BAN_MEMBERS']
    });
  }
};
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="ESM" label="ESM">

```javascript {8}
import { Command } from '@sapphire/framework';

export class BanCommand extends Command {
  constructor(context) {
    super(context, {
      // ...
      requiredUserPermissions: ['BAN_MEMBERS'],
      requiredClientPermissions: ['BAN_MEMBERS']
    });
  }
}
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="typescript" label="TypeScript">

```typescript {8}
import { Command } from '@sapphire/framework';

export class BanCommand extends Command {
  public constructor(context: Command.Context) {
    super(context, {
      // ...
      requiredUserPermissions: ['BAN_MEMBERS'],
      requiredClientPermissions: ['BAN_MEMBERS']
    });
  }
}
```

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

> `BanCommand` now requires the command executor _and_ the client to have sufficient permissions to execute!

Reviewer: Or something similar.. idk

```suggestion
With these changes, `BanCommand` now requires the command executor _and_ the client to have the `BAN_MEMBERS` permission to execute!
```

title: Handling permissions
---

<<<<<<< HEAD

> =======

Reviewer 2: ![](https://play.pokemonshowdown.com/sprites/ani/ditto.gif)

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

> >>>>>>> bce70940bf8edd1967c694d4ec08344839c08ecd

Reviewer 2: ![](https://play.pokemonshowdown.com/sprites/ani/ditto.gif)

One of the most basic needs of a Discord bot is to be able to deny command access to users based on their permissions or
lack thereof. A common example would be moderation commands. Most people wouldn't want regular users to be able to ban
people, so we can restrict usage using the [`requiredUserPermissions`][requireduserpermissions] option.

<!-- TODO: info block redirecting to subcommands ts guide for using corresponding decorators -->

<<<<<<< HEAD
```typescript ts2esm2cjs|{7}|{7}

> =======

Reviewer 2: ![](https://play.pokemonshowdown.com/sprites/ani/ditto.gif)

<TabItem value="typescript" label="TypeScript">

```typescript {7}

> >>>>>>> bce70940bf8edd1967c694d4ec08344839c08ecd

Reviewer 2: ![](https://play.pokemonshowdown.com/sprites/ani/ditto.gif)

}
```

<<<<<<< HEAD

> =======

Reviewer 2: ![](https://play.pokemonshowdown.com/sprites/ani/ditto.gif)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

> >>>>>>> bce70940bf8edd1967c694d4ec08344839c08ecd

Reviewer 2: ![](https://play.pokemonshowdown.com/sprites/ani/ditto.gif)

<!-- TODO: info block redirecting to subcommands ts guide for using corresponding decorators -->

<<<<<<< HEAD
```typescript ts2esm2cjs|{8}|{8}

> =======

Reviewer 2: ![](https://play.pokemonshowdown.com/sprites/ani/ditto.gif)

<TabItem value="typescript" label="TypeScript">

```typescript {8}

> >>>>>>> bce70940bf8edd1967c694d4ec08344839c08ecd

Reviewer 2: ![](https://play.pokemonshowdown.com/sprites/ani/ditto.gif)

}
```

<<<<<<< HEAD
`BanCommand` now requires the command executor _and_ the client to have sufficient permissions to execute!

> =======

Reviewer 2: ![](https://play.pokemonshowdown.com/sprites/ani/ditto.gif)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

With these changes, `BanCommand` now requires the command executor _and_ the client to have the `BAN_MEMBERS` permission
to execute!

> >>>>>>> bce70940bf8edd1967c694d4ec08344839c08ecd

Reviewer 2: ![](https://play.pokemonshowdown.com/sprites/ani/ditto.gif)
